the eastern training center and the
elevation fight team I'm looking to put
on a dominant performance and defend my
lightweight title my name is Alejandro
mara trying out a towel MMA Park
Colorado
this fight is gonna be real technical
you know we're both we're both good
fighters I'm distracted
right into another title fight we go run
155 pounds Sparta combat league title on
the line here our current champion out
of Easton's training center is Peter
Straub wearing the yellow trunks facing
off against the Challenger he is the
child's play MMA fighter mr. Alejandro
Ibarra we're in the silver trunks how's
that for a run-on sentence I was pretty
good buddy surprised that uh that breath
finished it a couple of tighter fighters
you're gonna expect great conditioning
crisp technique and a very fast pace
that's a fantastic way to get your
opponent off base right away is uh throw
a brutal inside leg kick like that
definitely you can forward again yeah
it'll definitely make your opponent
think about closing the distance coming
into range but a nice job with the hands
by ybarra good job coming across with
the rear hand hook
might be able to excuse me might be able
to hear former UFC fighter alia Marshall
he's a corner man one of the corner men
first Rob tell them needs to commit to
being in there or back all the way out
little toe to toe action strop nice job
getting his back off the cage but a bar
is starting to put his hands on display
here lot of speed fly bar but a great me
by strop I think that her tomorrow
absolutely you could see his solar
plexus tighten up but what a beautiful
return of right hand and a left left
hook combo oh my goodness look we got a
fight on our hands jr. Straub committed
to try to get this to the ground all the
way down to his knees not able to get it
done so I think we're seeing seeing a
play out a little bit here that Ibara
definitely wants to keep this standing
Straub may be gonna try to take this to
the ground now that he's seem to speed
that I bar I has to offer
Wow that big right hand of a bar has
been lasted or landing every single time
really really impressed with the speed
of the hands of ybarra Straub with the
highly underutilized fie punch oh and a
good right hand lands for a bar
strop getting us feedback under him but
he takes a couple more big shots a bar
is starting to line him up now Straub
with his back against the cage looking
to recover quickly
Rob deftly eaves and big right that I
huge left hook jr. and a finish right
they're alejandro we borrow
congratulations to the child's play MMA
fighter goes home he is our new
155-pound champion Alejandro Bauer
unbelievable finish jr. that was fast
and furious if barra was landing those
brilliant right hands over the top
really all night long
caught excuse me
caught Straub off-guard for sure I could
definitely see Straub's left eye closing
and wincing from the pain I think when
he stepped back his Wendy Barra stepped
in and really put him up against the
cage and landed a fantastic flurry of
left rights of sorry of straight rights
and big left hooks and I tell you that
final left hook was the one that sent
Straub crashing to the canvas and dr.
alex is looking after him right now jr.
he seems to be okay I'm sure he is but
he really did eat some big shots coming
in and he just didn't really seem to
have an answer for that for really the
hands of Ibarra tonight so an
outstanding performance by Alejandro
Ibarra to take the 155-pound title away
from Peter Straub tonight
it's about time and it's a she's awake
what was it like that anticipated
section tonight